trying to draw something different they
can't so I did with how I died
it's a tiger I'm serious I don't know
how I just know I know I act like I
don't care sometimes I don't want to die
Cassie it's not gonna happen okay just
tell me that I'm a crappy artist and I'm
wrong you are a crappy artist and you
are wrong listen to me
you already done more than enough for
everyone the only thing you got to worry
about right now is keeping yourself safe
you just start walking don't even think
about where you're going you just keep
moving don't make any decisions any
watcher can track when you come across
someplace safe
you hide simple as that I don't know how
but I know this is gonna work out
promise I need to be scared just
it's more like it
what are you gonna do
I can't tell you